Consistency Improvement of Examples (#190)
emschwartz/interledger-rs: examples/eth-settlement/README.md

> # Guide to E2E Testing Interledger settlement with the Ethereum Ledger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Interledger with Ethereum On-Ledger Settlement
> A demo that sends payments between 2 Interledger.rs nodes and settles using Ethereum transactions.
```

## Overview

> This example shows how to configure Interledger.rs nodes and use an Ethereum network including testnet and mainnet as a settlement ledger underneath the nodes. If you are new to Ethereum, learn [here](https://www.ethereum.org/beginners/). To learn what are settlements, refer to [Peering, Clearing and Settling](https://github.com/interledger/rfcs/blob/master/0032-peering-clearing-settlement/0032-peering-clearing-settlement.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to configure Interledger.rs nodes and use an Ethereum network including testnet and mainnet as a settlement ledger underneath the nodes. If you are new to Ethereum, learn [here](https://www.ethereum.org/beginners/). To learn about settlement in Interledger, refer to [Peering, Clearing and Settling](https://github.com/interledger/rfcs/blob/master/0032-peering-clearing-settlement/0032-peering-clearing-settlement.md).
```

(diagram here)

## Prerequisites

> These are prerequisites and we provide a quick guide each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - An Ethereum network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [An Ethereum network](#an-ethereum-network) to connect to
```

> - Redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Redis](#redis)
```

> ### An Ethereum Network

Reviewer: We should be consistent about the capitalization of the section headers
```suggestion
### An Ethereum network
```

First, you need an Ethereum network. You could use your own local testnet or also the mainnet.

> We'll use [ganache-cli](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli) which deploys a local Ethereum testnet at `localhost:8545`. To use `ganache-cli`, we need `node` installed. There are a few ways to install it. If you work on multiple JavaScript or TypeScript projects which require different `node` versions, using `nodebrew` may be suitable.

Reviewer: I think `nvm` is more common than `nodebrew`

Author: oops.. I'm sorry I don't use Node.js so often. I'll fix

Author: Fixed.

- [`nodebrew`](https://github.com/hokaccha/nodebrew) (node version manager)
    - macOS: If you use [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/), run `brew install nodebrew`, `nodebrew install-binary stable` and `nodebrew use stable` then [edit shell config](https://github.com/hokaccha/nodebrew#install) and reload it.
    - others: Refer to [nodebrew](https://github.com/hokaccha/nodebrew) site.
- Install independently
    - macOS: If you use [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/), run `brew install node`
    - Ubuntu: `sudo apt-get install nodejs npm`

> Then you should be able to use `npm`. To install `ganache-cli`, run `npm install -g ganache-cli`.

Reviewer: This gets a bit lost at the bottom so it might be worth including before the instructions for installing node. You could lead into the instructions for installing node by saying "if you do not already have Node.js installed on your computer, you can follow these instructions to install it", or something like that

Author: I'll fix this later, after merging your suggestions.

### Redis

> To store data of connectors, we need Redis installed.

Reviewer: The Interledger.rs nodes currently use Redis to store their data (SQL database support coming soon!)

Author: Is this a suggestion? (maybe so... I'll include this)

Reviewer: Oops, yes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Interledger.rs nodes currently use Redis to store their data (SQL database support coming soon!)
```

Author: Fixed each.

- Compile and install from the source code
    - [Download the source code here](https://redis.io/download)
- Install using package managers
    - Ubuntu: run `sudo apt-get install redis-server`
    - macOS: If you use Homebrew, run `brew install redis`

## Instructions
We will need **7** terminal windows in total to follow this tutorial in depth. You can run the

> provided `settlement_test.sh` script instead to see how the full process works.

Reviewer: This should be updated for the new way of running the whole example

Author: Removed.

> # Interledger with Ethereum On-Ledger Settlement

Reviewer: This example didn't work for me the first time I ran it using `run-md.sh`. I saw the output:

```
Creating accounts:
Adding Alice's account...
Adding Bob's Account...
Adding Bob's account on Alice's node...
Adding Alice's account on Bob's node...

Checking balances...

Bob's balance on Alice's node: curl: (7) Failed to connect to localhost port 7770: Connection refused

Alice's balance on Bob's node: curl: (7) Failed to connect to localhost port 8770: Connection refused

Sending payment of 80 from Alice to Bob
curl: (7) Failed to connect to localhost port 7770: Connection refused

Checking balances...

Bob's balance on Alice's node: curl: (7) Failed to connect to localhost port 7770: Connection refused

Alice's balance on Bob's node: curl: (7) Failed to connect to localhost port 8770: Connection refused

Stopping Interledger nodes
31837
```

We should make sure there's more helpful output if something doesn't work properly

Author: I'm sorry I forgot to insert the script for this example. Added and should be fixed.

    redis-cli -p 6379 shutdown
fi

if [ -f dump.rdb ] ; then
    rm -f dump.rdb
fi

if lsof -tPi :8545 ; then
    kill `lsof -tPi :8545`
fi

if lsof -tPi :7770 ; then
    kill `lsof -tPi :7770`
fi

if lsof -tPi :8770 ; then
    kill `lsof -tPi :8770`
fi

if lsof -tPi :3000 ; then
    kill `lsof -tPi :3000`
fi

if lsof -tPi :3001 ; then
    kill `lsof -tPi :3001`
fi
-->

### 1. Build interledger.rs
First of all, let's build interledger.rs. (This may take a couple of minutes)

<!--! printf "Building interledger.rs... (This may take a couple of minutes)\n" -->
```bash
cargo build --bins
```

### 2. Launch Redis

<!--!
redis-server --version > /dev/null || printf "\e[31mUh oh! You need to install redis-server before running this example\e[m\n"
-->

```bash
# Create the logs directory if it doesn't already exist
mkdir -p logs

# Start Redis
redis-server &> logs/redis.log &
```

When you want to watch logs, use the `tail` command. You can use the command like: `tail -f logs/redis.log`

### 3. Launch Ganache

This will launch an Ethereum testnet with 10 prefunded accounts. The mnemonic is used because we want to know the keys we'll use for Alice and Bob (otherwise they are randomized).

> ```bash

Reviewer: It would be helpful to add a printf line (that's only run when using `run-md.sh`) that says "Starting local Ethereum testnet"

Reviewer: Right now when I run this, it just prints the following, which doesn't really show me that anything happened with Ethereum. It would be nice to modify the comments to mention ethereum and potentially making sure it prints something related to the tx details.

```
Creating accounts:
Adding Alice's account...
Adding Bob's Account...
Adding Bob's account on Alice's node...
Adding Alice's account on Bob's node...

Checking balances...

Bob's balance on Alice's node: {"balance":"0"}
Alice's balance on Bob's node: {"balance":"0"}

Sending payment of 80 from Alice to Bob
{"delivered_amount":80}

Checking balances...

Bob's balance on Alice's node: {"balance":"10"}
Alice's balance on Bob's node: {"balance":"-80"}

Stopping Interledger nodes
2299
2317
2318
2434
2435
```

Author: Fixed.

Also fixed for nodes to start up (I forgot to insert the script).

    "http_incoming_token": "in_alice",
    "http_outgoing_token": "out_alice",
    "http_endpoint": "http://localhost:7770/ilp",
    "settle_to" : 10}' \
    http://localhost:7770/accounts > logs/account-alice-alice.log 2>/dev/null

printf "Adding Bob's Account...\n"
curl \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer hi_bob" \
    -d '{
    "ilp_address": "example.bob",
    "asset_code": "ETH",
    "asset_scale": 18,
    "max_packet_amount": 10,
    "http_incoming_token": "in_bob",
    "http_outgoing_token": "out_bob",
    "http_endpoint": "http://localhost:8770/ilp",
    "settle_to" : 10}' \
    http://localhost:8770/accounts > logs/account-bob-bob.log 2>/dev/null

printf "Adding Bob's account on Alice's node...\n"
curl \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer hi_alice" \
    -d '{
    "ilp_address": "example.bob",
    "asset_code": "ETH",
    "asset_scale": 18,
    "max_packet_amount": 10,
    "settlement_engine_url": "http://localhost:3000",
    "http_incoming_token": "bob",
    "http_outgoing_token": "alice",
    "http_endpoint": "http://localhost:8770/ilp",
    "settle_threshold": 70,
    "min_balance": -100,

>     "settle_to" : 10,

Reviewer: Looking at the logs, it's kind of confusing why the full amount wasn't settled
```suggestion
    "settle_to" : 0,
```

Author: After applying this, I noticed that it became unclear whether the payment was done or not because it would output like:

```
Bob's balance on Alice's node: {"balance":"0"}
Alice's balance on Bob's node: {"balance":"0"}

Sending payment of 80 from Alice to Bob
{"delivered_amount":80}

Checking balances...

Bob's balance on Alice's node: {"balance":"0"}
Alice's balance on Bob's node: {"balance":"-80"}
```

`Bob's balance on Alice's node` is a bit confusing because it looks like nothing happened. So I think leaving this `10` is worthy.

Reviewer: Actually shouldn't Alice's balance on Bob's node be 0 after it receives the incoming settlement?

The script should probably print Bob's balance (on Bob's node) because that'll be the account that has a +80 balance after the payment has finished.

Author: I'll revert this for now and add an explanation for this. If you think it still should be `0`, I'll fix later.

Author: Yeah, I felt the same but I think it is because of the implementation.

While an outgoing settlement seems to decreases its balance right after a transaction is issued, an incoming settlement could only when the transaction is confirmed. So there might be a lag.

Hmmm this might be confusing but difficult. It might better to output some explanations for this when running `run-md.sh`. I'll add so look and decide later.

Author: Yeah, I felt the same but I think it is because of the implementation.

While an outgoing settlement seems to decreases its balance right after a transaction is issued (even if the transaction is not contained in a block generated), an incoming settlement could increase only when the transaction is confirmed. So there might be a lag.

Hmmm this might be indeed confusing but difficult. It might better to output some explanations for this when running `run-md.sh`. I'll add and improve, so look and decide later.

Author: Fixed and tried to improve but... I don't know why it settles `310` and where the `10` comes from🤔

Author: Perhaps... the reason is this:
https://github.com/emschwartz/interledger-rs/blob/master/crates/interledger-store-redis/src/store.rs#L90

> (balance > tonumber(settle_threshold))

I changed this to `(balance >= tonumber(settle_threshold))` and it settled `300` though there might be a reason for setting this `>`.

Reviewer: See the discussion in https://github.com/emschwartz/interledger-rs/issues/189

    http://localhost:8770/accounts > logs/account-bob-alice.log 2>/dev/null &

sleep 2
```

Now two nodes and its settlement engines are set and accounts for each node are also set up.

Notice how we use Alice's settlement engine endpoint while registering Bob. This means that whenever Alice interacts with Bob's account, she'll use that Settlement Engine.

The `settle_threshold` and `settle_to` parameters control when settlements are triggered. The node will send a settlement when an account's balance reaches the `settle_threshold`, and it will settle for `balance - settle_to`.

### 7. Sending a Payment

<!--!
printf "\nChecking balances...\n"

printf "\nBob's balance on Alice's node: "
curl \
-H "Authorization: Bearer bob" \
http://localhost:7770/accounts/1/balance

printf "\nAlice's balance on Bob's node: "
curl \
-H "Authorization: Bearer alice" \
http://localhost:8770/accounts/1/balance

printf "\n\n"
-->

The following script sends a payment from Alice to Bob.

<!--! printf "Sending payment of 80 from Alice to Bob\n" -->

```bash
# Sending payment of 80 from Alice to Bob
curl \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer in_alice" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \

>     -d '{"receiver":"http://localhost:8770","source_amount":80}' \

Reviewer: It's not clear from running the example why the amounts are different from the `simple` example. It would probably be best to make the amounts the same. If we have different amounts showing up on different systems, we should explain why they're different.

Author: My intention was to make the amount exceed the settlement threshold. Hmmm, I'll insert an explanation of why.

Reviewer: I agree that the amount should exceed the threshold but we should still use the same amounts as the simple example. For example, we could use an amount of 1000 for the payment and just set the `settle_threshold` accordingly so that it is hit. (Note we might actually want to use larger amounts because the normal scale is 6 or 9)

Author: I see, indeed. I'll fix.

Author: Fixed to use `500` (the same as `simple`)

    http://localhost:7770/pay
```

<!--! printf "\n\n" -->

### 8. Check Balances

<!--! printf "Checking balances...\n" -->

```bash
printf "\nBob's balance on Alice's node: "
curl \
-H "Authorization: Bearer bob" \
http://localhost:7770/accounts/1/balance

printf "\nAlice's balance on Bob's node: "
curl \
-H "Authorization: Bearer alice" \
http://localhost:8770/accounts/1/balance
```

<!--!
printf "\n\n"
printf "Stopping Interledger nodes\n"
-->

### 9. Kill All the Services
Finally, you can stop all the services as follows:

```bash
if lsof -Pi :6379 -sTCP:LISTEN -t >/dev/null ; then
    redis-cli -p 6379 shutdown
fi

if [ -f dump.rdb ] ; then
    rm -f dump.rdb
fi

if lsof -tPi :8545 ; then
    kill `lsof -tPi :8545`
fi

if lsof -tPi :7770 ; then
    kill `lsof -tPi :7770`
fi

if lsof -tPi :8770 ; then
    kill `lsof -tPi :8770`
fi

if lsof -tPi :3000 ; then
    kill `lsof -tPi :3000`
fi

if lsof -tPi :3001 ; then
    kill `lsof -tPi :3001`
fi
```

## Advanced

> ### Check the Settlement Block Generation

Reviewer: Can you add some comments that get printed when using `run-md.sh` that mention the possibility of running these steps?

Author: Wow. Great idea.

Author: Added.

# Interledger with Ethereum On-Ledger Settlement
> A demo that sends payments between 2 Interledger.rs nodes and settles using Ethereum transactions.

## Overview

> This example shows how to configure Interledger.rs nodes and use an Ethereum network (testnet or mainnet) as a settlement ledger underneath the nodes. If you are new to Ethereum, you can learn about it [here](https://www.ethereum.org/beginners/). To learn about settlement in Interledger, refer to [Peering, Clearing and Settling](https://github.com/interledger/rfcs/blob/master/0032-peering-clearing-settlement/0032-peering-clearing-settlement.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to configure Interledger.rs nodes and use an Ethereum network (testnet or mainnet) as a settlement ledger for payments sent between the nodes. If you are new to Ethereum, you can learn about it [here](https://www.ethereum.org/beginners/). To learn about settlement in Interledger, refer to [Peering, Clearing and Settling](https://github.com/interledger/rfcs/blob/master/0032-peering-clearing-settlement/0032-peering-clearing-settlement.md).
```

![overview](images/overview.svg)

As you can see, a node needs its own settlement engine. So we launch two settlement engines.

## Prerequisites

> - [The Rust environment](#the-rust-environment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Rust](#rust)
```

- [An Ethereum network](#an-ethereum-network) to connect to
- [Redis](#redis)

> ### The Rust Environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rust
```

> Because Interledger.rs is written in the Rust language, you need the Rust environment. Refer to the [Getting started](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started) page or just `curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh` and follow the instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Interledger.rs is written in the Rust language, you need the Rust environment. Refer to the [Getting started](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started) page or just `curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh` and follow the instructions.
```

### An Ethereum network

> First, you need an Ethereum network. You could use your own local testnet or also the mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need an Ethereum network. You can either use a local testnet, a remote testnet, or the mainnet.
```

## Troubleshooting

```
# When installing ganache-cli
gyp ERR! find Python Python is not set from command line or npm configuration
gyp ERR! find Python Python is not set from environment variable PYTHON
gyp ERR! find Python checking if "python" can be used
gyp ERR! find Python - executable path is "/Users/xxxx/anaconda3/bin/python"
gyp ERR! find Python - version is "3.6.2"
gyp ERR! find Python - version is 3.6.2 - should be >=2.6.0 <3.0.0
gyp ERR! find Python - THIS VERSION OF PYTHON IS NOT SUPPORTED
gyp ERR! find Python checking if "python2" can be used
gyp ERR! find Python - "python2" is not in PATH or produced an error
```

If you see an error like the above, you have to install Python 2.7.

```
# When installing Node.js with apt-get
E: Unable to locate package nodejs
E: Unable to locate package npm
```

Try `sudo apt-get update`.

```
# When you try run-md.sh
Fatal: Failed to start the JavaScript console: api modules: Post http://localhost:8545: context deadline exceeded
```

It seems that you failed to install `ganache-cli`. Try to install it.

## Conclusion

> Done! Full E2E test between 2 users over SPSP utilizing the new settlement architecture in an Ethereum Ledger settlement engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example showed an SPSP payment sent between two Interledger.rs nodes that settled using on-ledger Ethereum transactions.
```

# Interledger with Ethereum On-Ledger Settlement
> A demo that sends payments between 2 Interledger.rs nodes and settles using Ethereum transactions.

## Overview

> This example shows how to configure Interledger.rs nodes and use an Ethereum network including testnet and mainnet as a settlement ledger underneath the nodes. If you are new to Ethereum, learn [here](https://www.ethereum.org/beginners/). To learn about settlement in Interledger, refer to [Peering, Clearing and Settling](https://github.com/interledger/rfcs/blob/master/0032-peering-clearing-settlement/0032-peering-clearing-settlement.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to configure Interledger.rs nodes and use an Ethereum network (testnet or mainnet) as a settlement ledger underneath the nodes. If you are new to Ethereum, you can learn about it [here](https://www.ethereum.org/beginners/). To learn about settlement in Interledger, refer to [Peering, Clearing and Settling](https://github.com/interledger/rfcs/blob/master/0032-peering-clearing-settlement/0032-peering-clearing-settlement.md).
```

![overview](images/overview.svg)

> As you can see, a node needs its own settlement engine. So we launch two settlement engines.

Reviewer: Instead of including this line, I would just mention that "each node needs its own settlement engine" when you're starting up the SEs

## Prerequisites

- [An Ethereum network](#an-ethereum-network) to connect to
- [Redis](#redis)

> - [geth](#geth)

Reviewer: Is that really required? Seems like we shouldn't need to install that if we're just using a local testnet.

Author: Actually if we just want to build a local test net, we don't need it but if we want to educate readers, I think it is better to have `geth` to check whether a settlement block is generated so that readers could understand what will happen if the balance exceeds the settlement threshold. This is originally done in `pay_dump.sh`.

hmmm but if you really want to remove it, I'll remove it.

Author: What about moving it to an optional section.

Author: Moved it into `Advanced` section.

--confirmations 0 \
--poll_frequency 1 \
--ethereum_endpoint http://127.0.0.1:8545 \
--connector_url http://127.0.0.1:8771 \
--redis_uri redis://127.0.0.1:6379/1 \
--watch_incoming true \
--port 3001 \
&> logs/node-bob-settlement-engine.log &

sleep 2
```

### 5. Launch 2 Nodes

```bash
# Start Alice's node
ILP_ADDRESS=example.alice \
ILP_SECRET_SEED=8852500887504328225458511465394229327394647958135038836332350604 \
ILP_ADMIN_AUTH_TOKEN=hi_alice \
ILP_REDIS_CONNECTION=redis://127.0.0.1:6379/0 \
ILP_HTTP_ADDRESS=127.0.0.1:7770 \
ILP_BTP_ADDRESS=127.0.0.1:7768 \
ILP_SETTLEMENT_ADDRESS=127.0.0.1:7771 \
ILP_DEFAULT_SPSP_ACCOUNT=0 \
cargo run --package interledger -- node &> logs/node-alice.log &

# Start Bob's node
ILP_ADDRESS=example.bob \
ILP_SECRET_SEED=1604966725982139900555208458637022875563691455429373719368053354 \
ILP_ADMIN_AUTH_TOKEN=hi_bob \
ILP_REDIS_CONNECTION=redis://127.0.0.1:6379/1 \
ILP_HTTP_ADDRESS=127.0.0.1:8770 \
ILP_BTP_ADDRESS=127.0.0.1:8768 \
ILP_SETTLEMENT_ADDRESS=127.0.0.1:8771 \
ILP_DEFAULT_SPSP_ACCOUNT=0 \
cargo run --package interledger -- node &> logs/node-bob.log &

sleep 2
```

### 6. Configure the Nodes

<!--! printf "Creating accounts:\n" -->

```bash

> # Adding settlemnt accounts should be done at the same time because it checks each other

Reviewer: This seems impossible to do without adding them from a script running on a single machine. I agree we should fix that

    "settle_to" : 10,
    "routing_relation": "Peer",
    "send_routes": true,
    "receive_routes": true}' \
    http://localhost:7770/accounts > logs/account-alice-bob.log 2>/dev/null &

printf "Adding Alice's account on Bob's node...\n"
curl \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer hi_bob" \
    -d '{
    "ilp_address": "example.alice",
    "asset_code": "ETH",
    "asset_scale": 18,
    "max_packet_amount": 10,
    "settlement_engine_url": "http://localhost:3001",
    "settlement_engine_asset_scale": 18,
    "http_incoming_token": "alice",
    "http_outgoing_token": "bob",
    "http_endpoint": "http://localhost:7770/ilp",
    "settle_threshold": 70,
    "min_balance": -100,
    "settle_to" : 10,
    "routing_relation": "Peer",
    "send_routes": true,
    "receive_routes": true}' \
    http://localhost:8770/accounts > logs/account-bob-alice.log 2>/dev/null &

sleep 2
```

Now two nodes and its settlement engines are set and accounts for each node are also set up.

Notice how we use Alice's settlement engine endpoint while registering Bob. This means that whenever Alice interacts with Bob's account, she'll use that Settlement Engine.

> `settle_threshold`, `min_balance` and `settle_to` are parameters related to how often settlement is made, which is tracked in [issue 121](https://github.com/emschwartz/interledger-rs/issues/121).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `settle_threshold` and `settle_to` parameters control when settlements are triggered. The node will send a settlement when an account's balance reaches the `settle_threshold`, and it will settle for `balance - settle_to`.
```

> ### 7. Verify that addresses have been exchanged

Reviewer: What's the point of doing this? We should be able to assume it worked and just send a payment

Author: I think this is concerned with the adding settlement accounts problem, so gakonst worried about it and added this section though it may be unnecessary. I'll remove this.

Author: Removed.

printf "\nChecking balances...\n"

printf "\nBob's balance on Alice's node: "
curl \
-H "Authorization: Bearer bob" \
http://localhost:7770/accounts/1/balance

printf "\nAlice's balance on Bob's node: "
curl \
-H "Authorization: Bearer alice" \
http://localhost:8770/accounts/1/balance

printf "\n\n"
-->

The following script sends a payment from Alice to Bob.

<!--! printf "Sending payment of 80 from Alice to Bob\n" -->

```bash
# Sending payment of 80 from Alice to Bob
curl \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer in_alice" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{"receiver":"http://localhost:8770","source_amount":80}' \
    http://localhost:7770/pay
```

<!--! printf "\n\n" -->

### 9. Check Balances

<!--! printf "Checking balances...\n" -->

```bash
printf "\nBob's balance on Alice's node: "
curl \
-H "Authorization: Bearer bob" \
http://localhost:7770/accounts/1/balance

printf "\nAlice's balance on Bob's node: "
curl \
-H "Authorization: Bearer alice" \
http://localhost:8770/accounts/1/balance
```

<!--!
printf "\n\n"
printf "Waiting to settle...(This may take 10 to 20 secs depending on the block generation)\n"

> while [ `geth --exec "eth.blockNumber" attach http://localhost:8545 2>/dev/null` = $LAST_BLOCK_NUM ]

Reviewer: What is this doing?

Author: Because ganache takes 10 to 30 seconds to generate a block, we have to wait for it to confirm the settlement is done. This waits for the block generation.

If we move `geth` to an optional section, I'll remove this.

Author: Removed.

do
    printf "."
    sleep 1
done
printf "\n\n"
-->

### 10. Dump Transaction Logs

```bash
printf "Last block: "
geth --exec "eth.getTransaction(eth.getBlock(eth.blockNumber-1).transactions[0])" attach http://localhost:8545 2>/dev/null
printf "\nCurrent block: "

> geth --exec "eth.getTransaction(eth.getBlock(eth.blockNumber).transactions[0])" attach http://localhost:8545 2>/dev/null

Reviewer: I'm tempted to make this optional or suggest taking it out to avoid needing another dependency installed

Author: OK, let's move this into an optional section.

Author: Moved it into `Advanced` section.

```

If you inspect ganache-cli's output, you will notice that the block number has increased as a result of the settlement executions.

### 11. Kill All the Services

> You can finally kill all the services like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can stop all the services as follows:
```

ILP_SETTLEMENT_ADDRESS=127.0.0.1:8771 \
ILP_DEFAULT_SPSP_ACCOUNT=0 \
cargo run --package interledger -- node &> logs/node-bob.log &
```

<!--!
printf "\nWaiting for Interledger.rs nodes to start up...\n"

function wait_to_serve() {
    while :
    do
        printf "."
        sleep 1
        curl $1 &> /dev/null
        if [ $? -eq 0 ]; then
            break;
        fi
    done
}

wait_to_serve "http://localhost:7770"
wait_to_serve "http://localhost:8770"
wait_to_serve "http://localhost:3000"
wait_to_serve "http://localhost:3001"
printf "\n"

printf "The Interledger.rs nodes are up and running!\n\n"
-->

### 6. Configure the Nodes

<!--! printf "Creating accounts:\n" -->

```bash
# Adding settlement accounts should be done at the same time because it checks each other

printf "Adding Alice's account...\n"
curl \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer hi_alice" \
    -d '{
    "ilp_address": "example.alice",
    "asset_code": "ETH",
    "asset_scale": 18,
    "max_packet_amount": 10,
    "http_incoming_token": "in_alice",
    "http_outgoing_token": "out_alice",
    "http_endpoint": "http://localhost:7770/ilp",
    "settle_to" : 0}' \

>     http://localhost:7770/accounts > logs/account-alice-alice.log 2>/dev/null

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need to hide the output of this

Author: Regarding the `STDERR`, if we don't redirect the output, it will output like:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/811594/63068523-62f3a600-bf4e-11e9-98ed-272da76b496d.png)
which looks a bit ugly.

If you are referring to `STDOUT`, indeed it could be `http://localhost:7770/accounts  2>/dev/null` but it breaks the consistency with the following adding account commands because they can**not** be done in the foreground. The following commands have to be done in the background **at the same time** (adding a settlement account problem).

Reviewer: Interesting, for me it only prints the result:
```
{"amount_per_minute_limit":null,"asset_code":"ETH","asset_scale":18,"btp_outgoing_token":null,"btp_uri":null,"http_endpoint":"http://localhost:7770/ilp","http_outgoing_token":"out_alice","id":0,"ilp_address":"example.alice","max_packet_amount":10,"min_balance":null,"packets_per_minute_limit":null,"receive_routes":false,"round_trip_time":500,"routing_relation":"Child","send_routes":false,"settle_threshold":null,"settle_to":0,"settlement_engine_url":null}
```

Author: The image is the output when I do like `http://localhost:7770/accounts > logs/account-alice-alice.log`.

If I do
```
    "http_outgoing_token": "out_alice",
    "http_endpoint": "http://localhost:7770/ilp",
    "settle_to" : 0}' \
    http://localhost:7770/accounts
```
the output will be like:
```
Adding Alice's account...
{"amount_per_minute_limit":null,"asset_code":"ETH","asset_scale":18,"btp_outgoing_token":null,"btp_uri":null,"http_endpoint":"http://localhost:7770/ilp","http_outgoing_token":"out_alice","id":0,"ilp_address":"example.alice","max_packet_amount":10,"min_balance":null,"packets_per_minute_limit":null,"receive_routes":false,"round_trip_time":500,"routing_relation":"Child","send_routes":false,"settle_threshold":null,"settle_to":0,"settlement_engine_url":null}
```

I could do like that but it breaks the consistency as I mentioned above.

Reviewer: Ah, I see. Tracking this issue in https://github.com/emschwartz/interledger-rs/issues/212

For ease, you may want to set these environment variables to save you some
typing:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

ILP_DIR=<path to interledger-rs>
ILP=$ILP_DIR/target/debug/interledger
```

### 1. Launch Ganache

This will launch an Ethereum testnet with 10 prefunded accounts. The mnemonic is
used because we want to know the keys we'll use for Alice and Bob (otherwise
they are randomized)

```bash
# Create the logs directory if it doesn't already exist
mkdir -p logs

ganache-cli -m "abstract vacuum mammal awkward pudding scene penalty purchase dinner depart evoke puzzle" -i 1 &> logs/ganache.log &
```

To watch what's happening on ganache, or generally when you want to watch logs, use the `tail` command.  
You can use the command like: `tail -f logs/ganache.log`

> ### 2. Configure Alice

Reviewer: It might be clearer to distinguish "Alice" from "Alice's Node"

Author: I fixed the structure entirely.

Now we have both Alice and Bob up and running.

> ### 4. Peer each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. Peer the nodes
```

Author: I fixed the structure entirely.

#### Insert Bob's account to Alice's connector
```bash
curl http://localhost:7770/accounts -X POST \

>     -d "ilp_address=example.bob&asset_code=ETH&asset_scale=18&max_packet_amount=10&settlement_engine_url=http://127.0.0.1:3000&settlement_engine_asset_scale=18&http_endpoint=http://127.0.0.1:8770/ilp&http_incoming_token=bob&http_outgoing_token=alice&settle_threshold=70&min_balance=-100&settle_to=10" \

Reviewer: I think this would be clearer as JSON instead of as form-encoded data

Author: Fixed though it differs a bit from `simple` example because of a problem of settlement engine spec. The accounts cannot be added in order but should be done at the same time (like in the background).

`settle_threshold`, `min_balance` and `settle_to` are parameters related to how
often settlement is made, which is tracked in [issue 121](https://github.com/emschwartz/interledger-rs/issues/121).

#### Insert Alice's account to Bob's connector

```bash
curl http://localhost:8770/accounts -X POST \
     -d "ilp_address=example.alice&asset_code=ETH&asset_scale=18&max_packet_amount=10&settlement_engine_url=http://127.0.0.1:3001&settlement_engine_asset_scale=18&http_endpoint=http://127.0.0.1:7770/ilp&http_incoming_token=alice&http_outgoing_token=bob&settle_threshold=70&min_balance=-100&settle_to=-10" \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer hi_bob"
```

### 5. Verify that addresses have been exchanged

Bob's address in Alice's store: `redis-cli -p 6379 hgetall "settlement:ledger:eth:1"`
Alice's address in Bob's store: `redis-cli -p 6380 hgetall "settlement:ledger:eth:1"`

### 6. Make some payments!

> A `pay_dump.sh` script is provided which you can use to make [SPSP

Reviewer: I think we should get rid of this script and put the commands you need to run in this instruction document

Author: hmmm yes, this seems to require some more. I'll fix.

Author: Fixed, the output will be like:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/811594/62667920-c3219f80-b9c4-11e9-8aff-3b3a8d08fae9.png)

Done! Full E2E test between 2 users over SPSP utilizing the new settlement
architecture in an Ethereum Ledger settlement engine.

## Trobleshooting

```
Fetching: https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.8.0/node-v12.8.0-darwin-x64.tar.gz
Warning: Failed to create the file 
Warning: /Users/xxxx/.nodebrew/src/v12.8.0/node-v12.8.0-darwin-x64.tar.gz: 
Warning: No such file or directory
```

try `mkdir -p ~/.nodebrew/src`

```
gyp ERR! find Python Python is not set from command line or npm configuration
gyp ERR! find Python Python is not set from environment variable PYTHON
gyp ERR! find Python checking if "python" can be used
gyp ERR! find Python - executable path is "/Users/dora_gt/anaconda3/bin/python"
gyp ERR! find Python - version is "3.6.2"
gyp ERR! find Python - version is 3.6.2 - should be >=2.6.0 <3.0.0
gyp ERR! find Python - THIS VERSION OF PYTHON IS NOT SUPPORTED
gyp ERR! find Python checking if "python2" can be used
gyp ERR! find Python - "python2" is not in PATH or produced an error
```

> have to install python 2.7

Reviewer: Why is python needed for this at all?

Author: I was also surprised... it seems that ganache or its component uses it. I couldn't install when I first tried to install `ganache-cli`.

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/811594/62661962-77173080-b9ad-11e9-9b75-31a67004917f.png)
